### User Stories
- In order to interpret user needs and implement them into a program, user stories can be created to provide consistent structure for the product backlog. A user story has three components, the role of the user, what the user wants to do, and why they want to do it. For example, "As a slow reader, I would like the text to be boldened so that I can parse it faster while not concentrating as hard" could be a user story for basically any web project. Using these three components, a development team with the specialized skills to produce a work product (i.e. the Scrum team) can identify the necessary changes to give the next workproduct the feature described by the user story. It's important for the structure of the user stories to be consistent because they are effectively used to communicate the product backlog to the appropriate parties. Meaning, an inconsistent structure could lead to miscommunication between teams down the road.
### My Approach to Software Development
- Even if it's a solo project, I try to develop programs in with an iterative mindset. In one of my graphics projects for example, I was looking to render 3d data to a window without the use of an engine. First, I rendered the most basic triangle possible to the screen. Then, I rendered a cube with the vertex positions hard coded. Finally, I loaded the vertex positions from a mesh stored in a 3d file format. I'll be looking to generate a grid of voxels based on various noise textures (minecraft terrain generation) for my next project.
### Being a Good Team Member
- In order to be a good team member, it's important to maintain transparent communication. Daily Standup serves zero purpose if a team member is lying, even by ommision. If there is an obstacle, it is the entire team's responsibility to find a path forward, not any single team member's.
- It is also important to write software stylistically similar to the rest of the team. Before beginning the project, the team should have outlined code style decisions such as indentation level, naming conventions, and other programming preferences. Ideally, the codestyle should be consistent, but this may not be possible with some projects where there are large amounts of legacy code.
- When the code does not explain itself through class/method/function/variable names, code comments should explain what the code is doing. I do this even in my solo projects because it could be anywhere from a couple days to several months before I revisit a project. Without the code comments, it just takes longer to begin understanding my own code. 
